What are you doing here? Uh-huh-huh-huh-huh-huh-huh-huh-huh
Uh-huh-huh-huh-huh-huh-huh-huh-huh-huh-huh
Uh-huh-huh-huh-huh-huh-huh-huh-huh-huh
Uh-huh-huh-huh-huh-huh-huh-huh-huh-huh Uh-huh-huh-huh-huh-huh-huh-huh-huh
If you give it to me again, don’t give it to me. It’s so hot.
I don't want to give people bad marks
What are you bringing?
What do you mean
I mean
I don't need the price anymore
I promise you to marry Gu Yan Tangya
I see why you don’t say anything
What do you take me for?
You let me take advantage of my worth
You may be married to Gu Yan again
You are the best, let me ask you and me
Madam got into a fight with someone
He even
Are you injured?
Is this serious? Who did it do if you dare to die?
You don't answer the phone now
Madam heard that someone was shooting
I said it completely